[CAM-8427] Boxes KB Documentation (#2502)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Core Concepts/boxes.md

"title": "Boxes",
"date": "09-01-2016",
"author": "",
"keywords": ["boxes", "box"],
"attachments": [],
"contentIsHTML": false
}}}

### Table of Contents

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Audience](#audience)
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Boxes](#boxes)
* [Understanding Box Basics](#understanding-box-basics)
* [Contacting Cloud Application Manager Support](#contacting-cloud-application-manager-support)

### Overview

This article is meant to assist Cloud Application Manager customers who wants to create and manage boxes.

### Audience

> CenturyLink Cloud Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Application Manager Users
```

### Prerequisites

> * Access to the CenturyLink Cloud platform as an authorized user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Access to Applications site (Application Lifecycle Management module) of Cloud Application Manager as an authorized user.
```
